# Domain_Adversarial_CNN_Speech_Parkinson_Clasification

Abstract: In recent years, deep learning has gained considerable popularity in detecting Parkinson's disease (PD) from speech due to its ability to automatically extract meaningful representations from raw data. The most popular approaches are based on the classification of Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) models using spectrograms, which yield high accuracy rates. However, a significant limitation of these algorithms is their validation on similar and limited datasets, compromising their performance in new scenarios due to the various sources of variability present in human voices. In this work, we focus on studying the effect of multi-domain data for Parkinson's disease detection using a CNN-based model and two speech corpora. To address the challenge of domain adaptation, we propose domain adversarial (DA) training as a method to obtain discriminant and domain-invariant models. The visualization of the feature distribution extracted by this model, using t-distributed stochastic neighbor embedding, along with its divergence and variance by class, indicates a significant improvement in domain adaptation. These initial results provide valuable insights for further model refinement and constitute a proof of concept that domain adversarial methods offer a feasible option for creating a more generalizable speech-based PD detection model.
Keywords:  Convolutional Neural Networks, Deep learning, Domain Adversarial, Parkinson’s Disease.

[1] E. J. Ibarra-Sulbaran, J. D. Arias-Londoño, J. I. Godino-Llorente. "DOMAIN ADVERSARIAL CONVOLUTIONAL NEURAL NETWORK FOR PARKINSON’S DISEASE DETECTION FROM SPEECH."
Submitted for Maveba 2023
